AppleToday 2:00 PM
Hello, 

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience. 

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 8289e940-b3ff-4149-bbcf-4259bf0b7549
Review date: March 03, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max and iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We need more information about how the app uses cookies to continue the review. 

Next Steps

Review the following questions and provide as much detailed information as possible for each question.

- When users access web content in the app, are cookies collected for tracking purposes by the app or service?

Resources 

Tracking is linking data collected from the app with third-party data for advertising purposes, or sharing the collected data with a data broker. Learn more about tracking.


Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: the app displayed an error message when we attempted to sign up with Apple or sign up with Google.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPhone 17 Pro Max and iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iOS 26.3 and iPadOS 26.3
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. Since the app may be downloaded onto iPad devices, it is important that it also function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.



Guideline 4 - Design

Issue Description

Parts of the app's user interface were crowded, laid out, or displayed in a way that made it difficult to use the app when reviewed on iPhone 17 Pro Max and iPad Air 11-inch (M3) running iOS 26.3 and iPadOS 26.3.

Specifically, the "Accept & Continue" button was overlapped by the bottom menu.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, revise the app to ensure that the content and controls on the screen are easy to read and interact with.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. Since the app may be downloaded onto iPad devices, it is important that it also function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- Learn foundational design principles from Apple designers and the developer community.
- See documentation for the UIKit framework.
- Learn more about design requirements in guideline 4.


Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, the app displayed an error message when tapping on the "Subscribe to Pro" button. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPhone 17 Pro Max and iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iOS 26.3 and iPadOS 26.3

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.

Resources

Learn more about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(b).


Guideline 3.1.2(c) - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.

The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA). If you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link to the Terms of Use in the App Description. If you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect.

Next Steps

Update the App Store metadata to include the information specified above.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the In-App Purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.

Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
